# <i class="v-icon notranslate material-icons mdi mdi-gavel primary--text"></i> License Remarks

- **Scope:** license remarks provide a summary of obligations resulting from the components' licenses as referenced in the most current SBOM delivery.
- **Warn Levels:**
  - <i class="v-icon notranslate v-icon--dense material-icons mdi-bell mdi v-theme--dark v-icon--size-default text-red"></i> **Alarm:** at least one license within the SBOM contains a classification which has been determined to have the potential to constitute a particularly high risk or is otherwise particularly problematic. It is important to review the classification which caused the alarm in the context of the software use-case at hand. Alarms should be treated as blockers in the absence of mitigating circumstances.
  - <i class="v-icon notranslate material-icons mdi-alert mdi v-theme--dark v-icon--size-default text-warning" style=""></i> **Warning:** at least one license within the SBOM contains a classification which could result in an obligation which is difficult to fulfil or which could be unexpected. It is worthwhile to pay particular attention to these warnings and to consider them in the context of the proposed software delivery. In case of doubt, contact the legal department.
  - <i class="v-icon notranslate v-icon--dense material-icons mdi-information-outline mdi v-theme--dark v-icon--size-default text-textColor"></i> **Information:** at least one license within the SBOM contains a classification which has been determined to be typical for open source licensing and which should be capable of being fulfilled. The information status is a useful reference to see quickly what obligations apply to the SBOM as a whole.
